c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\WeatherWeather.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\WeatherWeather.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\WeatherWeather.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.csproj.App.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\WeatherWeather\obj\Debug\WeatherWeather.pdb
